Added snippets (Basic, Intermediate) See Desc. (#36)
30-seconds/30-seconds-of-julia: snippets/chunk.md

---
title: chunk

> tags: list,intermediate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tags: array,intermediate
```

Since lists don't exist in Julia.

---

> Chunks a list into smaller lists of a specified size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chunks an array into smaller arrrays of a specified size.
```
